= actionmailer_host_autoset

It is difficult to generate URLs with ActionMailer. Although you can generate 
absolute paths from your routes, you usually need to generate full URLs for 
the links in the email to be useful to your recipients.

This plugin sets the default_url_options for host, port and protocol by 
providing an around_filter which will grab the values from the request object.
In the cases when the request object is not available, for example, when 
running tests, default values are set instead. 

This is basically a repackaging of retardase_inhibitor 
(http://github.com/luke0x/retardase_inhibitor), with more descriptive name and 
a gemspec that will actually build on github (yay for jeweler!).

=Installation

    # setup gemcutter, if you haven't already:
    gem install gemcutter
    gem tumble

    gem install actioncontroller_host_autoset

Or, in environment.rb:
   
    config.gem 'actionmailer_host_autoset', :source => 'http://gems.gemcutter.org'

Then:

    rake gems:install

=Usage

Add the around_filter to the ApplicationController to set the 
default_url_options for every request.

    class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base
      around_filter :actionmailer_host_autoset
    end

I prefer to add it just around the actions when I know an Observer will kick 
off an ActionMailer notifier. For example, I have an the filter kick off in 
my SessionsController#create when I process a user signup.

    class SessionsController < ActionController::Base
      around_filter :actionmailer_host_autoset, :only => :create
      def create
        ...
      end
    end

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2007 Nick Kallen, 2009 Tobias Crawley. See LICENSE for details.
